So our mission is we're gonna take
this component that takes a user and
it takes a salutation.
And what we wanna do with it is have it
just like, we wanna create a hierarchy,
wanna pass in the user but
still have a take the salutation.
So a little bit of extension
on what we did previously.
We'll make it a little bit better
than the last version as well.
So first of all, all right, we know that
the width user is just gonna pass in
a user model, so we'll start with that.
And so we'll say the type of
withuserprops is going to be user,
just give me one of our user models.
All right.
So we've got that in place.
And now we're gonna make our
function called with current user.
Seems like a good name for
A component is gonna take a user.
And so we've got that in place.
And what we're gonna do is we'll start
with the kind of the same pattern we had
before what other types in a second.
So it's going to take a component and
it's going to return the props.
Again, like all the type stuff we
did a second ago, we will do again.
And it's gonna return the component
with all those props spread at first.
So spread operator like normally if you
wanted to spread all like an object of
props across react component,
you would write it as so, but
we also need to typecast it.
So we're gonna wrap it in parentheses.
And then the user is going to
be that current user up there.
Right.
All right, TypeScript.
It's like what is t,
you never told me about t component.
I don't know what it is props.
I don't know what it is we are, we're
gonna handle all of that momentarily.
So all right, first of all we want to say
we're going to have this idea of t and
the component will be some
kind of react component type.
All right.
So we've got that in place.
Now to be clear,
really typesafe is going to figure it out
based on the component that we passed in.
But if you instead of doing
with current user and
then passing in the name tag component,
and
having a figure out you could define
that it has like name tag props.
You don't need to do that.
From some of the stuff we saw when we
did that generics exercise earlier,
which is when we have a function,
TypeScript will do everything in its power
to try to acquiesce what
you actually meant.
So we can skip that.
But we're gonna need to give it a little
bit more information to make it happier.
I also need to import react.
So import star as react so
that we can use react
component type there.
All right, so we've got that in place.
And the other thing that we can do is,
go here and
say we'll do our omit again.
We'll say that this is going to be,
props is going to be omit.
And then whatever prop types
we're working with, and
just take out everything
that's in with user props.
Cuz we're gonna say like,
this new component takes whatever it took
originally, in this case, salutation.
But take out everything in with
user props which is the user.
So hopefully that will get us to where
when I goes to key of with user props.
Close that angle bracket.
So we got most of the high
order component in place.
So now we've got this name tag and
we can say.
Name tag with current user
was with current user.
Name tag, and we'll swap this in.
All right, it's now angry about
with the fact that we have
a user because like no you made
a new type that removes that.
So, this will work.
There is one other kind of
cool extension that we can do.
And we can also say that T, we can say
that should extend with user props.
We talked about this last example, but
we didn't necessarily do extends plural.
And what this will do is
now with current user,
we'll only take components that
originally took a user prop, right?
So, listen, it's gonna be a generic type.
Our only rule is that generic type has
to be in a type that had
a user property on it.
Right so we can, we this is now
even safer, which is you can't pass
things into with current user that
didn't take a user property at all,
which again, is really useful if
one making a component library.
2, If you are, I joke that even if
you're not making a library for
other people to consume in a large
enough codebase, you kind of are.
Right, pieces of your code will
be consumed in other parts of
the application.
And so being able to like express
the intent of that code is
an incredibly powerful idea, as well.
Right and we have it in place.